virtctl: Cleanups to accessing VMs with virtctl ssh (#871)
kubevirt/user-guide: docs/user_workloads/accessing_virtual_machines.md

EOF
```

### Accessing a VM or VMI using virtctl

The user can create a websocket backed network tunnel to a port inside an
instance by using the `virtualmachineinstances/portforward` subresource of a
`VirtualMachineInstance` or the `virtualmachines/portfoward` subresource of a
`VirtualMachine`.

> One use-case for these subresources is to forward SSH traffic into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One use case for these subresources is to forward SSH traffic into
```

a `VirtualMachineInstance` either from the CLI or a web-UI. The `VirtualMachine`
subresource will automatically look up the corresponding `VirtualMachineInstance`.

To connect to a `VirtualMachineInstance` from your local machine, `virtctl`
provides an SSH client with the `ssh` command, that uses port
forwarding. Refer to the command's help for more details.

```shell
virtctl ssh
```

To transfer files from or to a `VirtualMachineInstance` `virtctl` also

> provides a SCP client with the `scp` command. Its usage is similar to the `ssh` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provides an SCP client with the `scp` command. Its usage is similar to the `ssh` command.
```

Refer to the command's help for more details.

```shell
virtctl scp
```

#### Using virtctl as proxy

> The preferred way to connect to VMs and VMIs is to let wrap local OpenSSH clients.

Reviewer: "let wrap local OpenSSH clients."
Seems like there's a word missing.
Are you saying the preferred way to connect to VMs and VMIs is to use `virtctl` to wrap local OpenSSH clients?

Author: Yes, that's what I wanted to say. Updated it.

If you prefer to use your local OpenSSH client directly instead,

> there are two ways of doing that in combination with virtctl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
there are two ways of doing that in combination with `virtctl`.
```

> Note: Most of this applies to the `virtctl scp` command too.

1. The `virtctl ssh` command has a `--local-ssh` option, which is set to `true` by

>    default. With this option `virtctl` wraps the local OpenSSH client transparently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   default. With this option, `virtctl` wraps the local OpenSSH client transparently
```

   ProxyCommand virtctl port-forward --stdio=true %h %p
```

This allows you to simply call `ssh user@vm/testvm/mynamespace` and your

> SSH config and virtctl will do the rest. Using this method it becomes easy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SSH config and `virtctl` will do the rest. Using this method, it becomes easy
```

2. SSH into virtual machine

```shell
virtctl ssh -i id_rsa fedora@vm/testvm/mynamespace
```

or

```shell
ssh -o 'ProxyCommand=virtctl port-forward --stdio=true vm/testvm/mynamespace 22' -i id_rsa fedora@vm/testvm/mynamespace
```

3. SCP file to the virtual machine

```shell
virtctl scp -i id_rsa testfile fedora@vm/testvm/mynamespace:/tmp
```

or

```shell
scp -o 'ProxyCommand=virtctl port-forward --stdio=true vmi/testvm/mynamespace 22' -i id_rsa testfile fedora@vm.testvm.mynamespace:/tmp
```

> Note that local `scp` does not support slashes in hostnames,
> therefore the example uses dots to separate the type, name and namespace.

Reviewer: Dumb question: does the reader also need to use `.` to separate objects in their scp command?
If so, might be worth being more direct, i.e.:
```suggestion
!!! Note 
    Local `scp` does not support slashes in hostnames. You need to use `.` to separate the type, name, and namespace.
```

Author: Technically they don't need to. They can chose whatever remote hostname they would like, as long as the `ProxyCommand` is set up correctly. However, it probably makes sense to stick to what virtctl does.

2. SSH into virtual machine

```shell
virtctl ssh -i id_rsa fedora@vm/testvm/mynamespace
```

or

```shell
ssh -o 'ProxyCommand=virtctl port-forward --stdio=true vm/testvm/mynamespace 22' -i id_rsa fedora@vm/testvm/mynamespace
```

3. SCP file to the virtual machine

```shell
virtctl scp -i id_rsa testfile fedora@vm/testvm/mynamespace:/tmp
```

or

```shell
scp -o 'ProxyCommand=virtctl port-forward --stdio=true vmi/testvm/mynamespace 22' -i id_rsa testfile fedora@vm.testvm.mynamespace:/tmp
```

!!! Note
    Local `scp` does not support slashes in hostnames. Therefore the example
    uses dots to separate the type, name and namespace like `virtctl` does when

>     wrapping the local SCP client.

Reviewer 2: Nit: this shows as-is and is not interpreted as a markdown Note block, maybe we want to make it one?

Author: It looks fine in the preview though. Maybe it is an extension of the page generator we are using?

Reviewer: Yes, it's an admonition format for material so it will render nicely in our built docs/netlify preview but not in the github preview.
